[Modules] Format the metadata.json and aligned the Name and Description for all Modules and Updated Readme (#3309)
Azure/ResourceModules: modules/document-db/database-accounts/gremlin-databases/README.md

# DocumentDB Database Account Gremlin Databases `[Microsoft.DocumentDB/databaseAccounts/gremlinDatabases]`

> This module deploys a GremlinDB within a CosmosDB Account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module deploys a Gremlin Database within a CosmosDB Account.
```
